# Verana

- Don't trust. Verify.
- Zero Trust

## What is Verana?

Verana is the Verifiable Trust layer that makes the Internet verifiable.

Like the DNS (Domain Name System) provides a way of resolving domain names, Verana provides a way of resolving, verifying, and enforcing trust.

- DNS: Resolve domain names
- Verana: Resolve Proof of Trust

## Benefits

Fraud and Identity theft are eradicated.

### For the End User

- identify, verify, and get a proof of who is the provider of a service before connecting to it.
- collect verifiable credentials from verified service providers.
- use your credentials to prove your identity, age, address, diplomas, avatar ownership. Use selective disclosure to only share essential information and protect your data.
- anonymously register and connect to services, without revealing public identifier(s) such as email or phone number, and without a password.
- stop using public identifiers and control who can contact you. Revoke connections at will.

### For Service Providers

- get your organization or person verifiable credential and link all your services to your credential so that users can clearly identify you and know they are connecting to the right service.
- ease user onboarding by removing registration forms and passwords.
- fast verify user's identity (and other claims) with no hassle.
- create hubs, meeting rooms, or other services protected by identity: users must present an identity credential to enter.
- issue Verifiable Credentials to your users and get paid when other organizations request presentation of the credential.
- build a verifiable trust reputation and be recognized.
- be searchable: add your services to the verifiable service directory



The Proof od Trust is re

Zero Trust is enforced thanks to:

- The Verifiable Trust specification, a specification that defines how to make your software, browser, mobile app... verifiable;
- An open and decentralized Verifiable Trust Registry, a network operated by a growing list of Issuers and Verifiers around the world.




## Benefits for the End User

Any service, browser, mobile app, AI agent, chatbot, social channel,... can add Verana's Proof-of-Trust


By using software Internet participants can now:

- verify to who they are connecting to: humans, avatars, things, AI agents, organizations, and more;
- prove who they are to other participants.

## Verana 

Zero Trust is enforced thanks to:

- The Verifiable Trust specification, a specification that defines how to make your software, browser, mobile app... verifiable;
- An open and decentralized Verifiable Trust Registry, a network operated by a growing list of Issuers and Verifiers around the world.





