# 20250123

DNS => VPR

Say "bye bye" to DNS and SSL. Say hello to Verifiable Trust and the Verifiable Public Registry.

## Build and deploy your Zero Trust Verifiable Services

Don't trust, verify.

- All our software is open-source.
- Total privacy preserving, no intermediaries, always deploy the service wherever you want.
- No hosting dependency: easily move your service from one datacenter to a new one.
- No phishing, no impersonation, no fraud: users know they are connecting to your real genuine service, not a scam.
- AI and bots mitigation: your services can restrict the User Agent used by a peer, and reduce the risk of being connected to an AI.
- Privacy preserving business models. Pay for services from others, charge others for using your services.

### Government Verifiable ID Studio

- Create your Government Verifiable ID issuer service in minutes
- All Open source software with Apache 2.0 license.
- Includes free NIST-registered AI biometric facial/fingerprint/iris module with liveness detection.
- Get paid each time a third party requests credential presentation of a Verifiable ID you issued.
- videos/demos

### Credential Verification Kit

- request presentation of any kind of Verifiable Credential: Government ID, Personhood credential, driving license, diploma,...
- integrates with any existing service (website, mobile app,...)
- All Open source software with Apache 2.0 license.
- Includes free NIST-registered AI biometric facial/fingerprint/iris module with liveness detection if you need biometric matching
- videos/demos

### Decentralized DIDComm chatbot Kit



## Become an Essential Credential Schema issuer

### KyB

### Consulting - certified companies

- 2060 OÜ (Europe)
- Mobiera SAS (Latam)